.TH "sja1105\-tool\-config" "1" "" "" "SJA1105\-TOOL"
.SH NAME
.PP
sja1105\-tool\-config \- Configuration command of NXP sja1105\-tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config \f[I]ACTION\f[] [\f[I]OPTIONS\f[]]
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config show [\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[]]
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config default [\-f|\-\-flush]
\f[I]\f[C]BUILTIN_CONFIG\f[]\f[]
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config upload
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config save \f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[]
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config load [\-f|\-\-flush]
\f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[]
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config hexdump
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config new
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] config modify [\-f|\-\-flush]
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[][\f[I]\f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[]\f[]]
\f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NEW_VALUE\f[]\f[]
.PP
\f[I]ACTION\f[] := { show | default | upload | save | load | hexdump |
new | modify }
.PP
\f[I]\f[C]BUILTIN_CONFIG\f[]\f[] := { ls1021atsn | ...
?
}
.PP
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE\-NAME\f[]\f[] := { schedule\-table |
schedule\-entry\-points\-table | vl\-lookup\-table | vl\-policing\-table
| vl\-forwarding\-table | l2\-address\-lookup\-table |
l2\-policing\-table | vlan\-lookup\-table | l2\-forwarding\-table |
mac\-configuration\-table | schedule\-parameters\-table |
schedule\-entry\-points\-parameters\-table |
vl\-forwarding\-parameters\-table |
l2\-address\-lookup\-parameters\-table |
l2\-address\-lookup\-parameters\-table |
l2\-forwarding\-parameters\-table |
clock\-synchronization\-parameters\-table | avb\-parameters\-table |
general\-parameters\-table | retagging\-table |
xmii\-mode\-parameters\-table }
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Since the actual configuration area of the SJA1105 switch is
write\-only, the sja1105\-tool does not actually retrieve it from the
switch over SPI.
Instead, all config operations work with a local "staging area" (a file)
where a binary form of the switch configuration is held.
.PP
Modifying and inspecting the configuration operate on this staging area,
which is local to the host processor.
The staging area is only uploaded ("committed") to the switch via the
"\f[B]sja1105\-tool config upload\f[]" command.
.PP
The location of the staging area is specified in
\f[B]/etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf\f[], property "staging\-area" under the
[spi\-setup] section.
.SH ACTIONS
.TP
.B show [\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[]]
.IP \[bu] 2
Read the configuration stored in the staging area, and display it to
stdout in a human\-readable form, compatible with the interpretation
found in UM10944.pdf.
.IP \[bu] 2
If no TABLE_NAME is specified then the whole switch configuration is
displayed.
.IP \[bu] 2
Each entry of the table is displayed on its own column to make better
use of screen space (width).
The "screen\-width" and "entries\-per\-line" properties under the
[general] section of \f[B]/etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf\f[] are taken into
account for this operation.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B default [\-f|\-\-flush] \f[I]ls1021atsn\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
This configuration is built into the sja1105\-tool.
It is only guaranteed to provide a meaningful configuration for the NXP
LS1021ATSN board.
The builtin configuration is saved to the staging area.
Run "\f[B]sja1105\-tool config show\f[]" to see its contents.
.IP \[bu] 2
Invoking with \-f or \-\-flush activates the flush condition.
See sja1105\-tool\-config(1) for more details.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B upload
.IP \[bu] 2
Read the configuration stored in the staging area, packetize it in
260\-byte messages and "commit" (send) it over SPI to the SJA1105
switch.
.IP \[bu] 2
The SJA1105 switch needs a cold reset prior to this operation.
The reset command is issued automatically before sending the
configuration.
.IP \[bu] 2
Prior to committing the configuration to the SJA1105 switch, some basic
validity checks are performed.
See sja1105\-tool\-config\-format(5) for more details.
.IP \[bu] 2
Some checks are made to make sure that the device at the other end is
really a SJA1105 (responds 9e00030e to the device id query) and that it
responds positively to the configuration we are uploading (CRC checks,
validity checks apart from our own).
.IP \[bu] 2
After the configuration is sent to the switch, a proper Clock Generation
Unit (CGU, see chapter 5.3 in UM10944.pdf) configuration is determined
from the xMII Mode Parameters Table present in the staging area.
The CGU configuration is programmed automatically at the end of this
command.
.IP \[bu] 2
If the flush condition is true (either because "auto_flush" is set to
true in /etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf or because another command was run
with \-f|\-\-flush, this command is performed automatically after each
modification brought to the staging area through the sja1105\-tool.
See sja1105\-conf(5) for more details.
.IP \[bu] 2
If the "dry_run" option is set to true in /etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf,
then no write operation will actually be performed to SPI, regardless of
the flush condition value.
Instead, a hexdump of the SPI messages will be printed to stdout.
Also see sja1105\-conf(5).
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B save \f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
Read the configuration stored in the staging area and export it in a
human\-readable form to the \f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[] specified.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B load [\-f|\-\-flush] \f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
Import the SJA1105 switch configuration stored in the
\f[I]\f[C]XML_FILE\f[]\f[] specified, and write it to the staging area.
.IP \[bu] 2
Invoking with \-f or \-\-flush activates the flush condition.
See sja1105\-tool\-config(1) for more details.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B hexdump
.IP \[bu] 2
Read the configuration stored in the staging area, and display a hexdump
interpretation to stdout.
Individual entries of each configuration tables are identified and
separated according to their table headers.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B new
.IP \[bu] 2
Write an empty SJA1105 switch configuration to the staging area.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B modify [\-f|\-\-flush]
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[][\f[I]\f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[]\f[]]
\f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NEW_VALUE\f[]\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
Change the entry \f[I]\f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[]\f[] of
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[]: set \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] to
\f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NEW_VALUE\f[]\f[].
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[I]\f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[]\f[] must be specified in square brackets right
next to \f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[] (no spaces in between).
If \f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[] is not specified it is assumed to be zero.
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[I]\f[C]ENTRY_INDEX\f[]\f[] must be larger or equal to zero, and
strictly smaller than "entry\-count" of \f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[].
.IP \[bu] 2
The possibilities for \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] are unique to each
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[] and are listed in UM10944.pdf.
.IP \[bu] 2
Additionally, if \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] is "entry\-count", then
\f[I]\f[C]TABLE_NAME\f[]\f[] is resized to have
\f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NEW_VALUE\f[]\f[] entries.
All the fields of a new entry are set to zero.
Erasing a configuration table may be done by setting the "entry\-count"
to zero and then back to its original value.
.IP \[bu] 2
If \f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NAME\f[]\f[] points to an array, then
\f[I]\f[C]FIELD_NEW_VALUE\f[]\f[] should be specified to the
sja1105\-tool enclosed in quotes.
This prevents the shell from interpreting array elements as separate
parameters.
.IP \[bu] 2
Invoking with \-f or \-\-flush activates the flush condition.
See sja1105\-tool\-config(1) for more details.
.RS
.RE
.SH BUGS
.PP
Showing a single entry of a configuration table is currently not
supported.
.PP
The following configuration tables are currently unsupported:
.IP \[bu] 2
Clock Synchronization Parameters Table (TABLE :=
clock\-synchronization\-parameters\-table)
.IP \[bu] 2
Retagging Table (TABLE := retagging\-table)
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
sja1105\-tool was written by Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
sja1105\-conf(5), sja1105\-tool\-config\-format(5), sja1105\-tool(1)
.SH COMMENTS
.PP
This man page was written using pandoc (http://pandoc.org/) by the same
author.
