.TH "sja1105\-conf" "5" "" "" "SJA1105\-TOOL"
.SH NAME
.PP
\f[I]/etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf\f[] \- Configuration File for NXP
sja1105\-tool
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[I]/etc/sja1105/sja1105.conf\f[] is the configuration file for
\f[I]sja1105\-tool\f[].
It is read on every invocation of the tool and used to describe part of
its behavior.
.PP
Syntactically it follows the INI file format, with section names marked
between square brackets, and key\-value pairs written one per line,
separated by the "=" (equal) sign and an arbitrary amount of whitespace
(tabs or spaces).
Lines may be ignored completely if the first non\-whitespace character
is "#" (hash).
Comments at the end of the line are not allowed and will lead to
incorrect parsing of the file.
.PP
If the file does not exist or syntax errors are present, the
\f[B]sja1105\-tool\f[] throws an error and loads default values.
.SS THE SPI SETUP SECTION
.PP
This section begins when a line contains the string "[spi\-setup]" and
ends at the beginning of a different section or at the end of file.
Values should conform to UM10944.pdf "Chapter 3.
SPI interface".
The following keys are allowed in this section:
.TP
.B staging\-area
This is the filename used to store the staging, binary configuration
employed by the command family \f[B]sja1105\-tool config\f[].
If not specified, it defaults to "\f[I]/etc/sja1105/.staging\f[]".
It should be specified without quotes even if spaces are present in the
filename.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B device
This is the filename used to communicate with the SJA1105.
It must be a character device that supports the following ioctl calls:
SPI_IOC_RD_MODE, SPI_IOC_WR_MODE, SPI_IOC_WR_BITS_PER_WORD,
SPI_IOC_RD_BITS_PER_WORD, SPI_IOC_RD_MAX_SPEED_HZ,
SPI_IOC_WR_MAX_SPEED_HZ, SPI_IOC_MESSAGE.
If not specified, it defaults to "\f[I]/dev/spidev0.1\f[]".
The same restrictions apply as above.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B bits
Number of bits per word for the SPI communication.
Should be set to 8.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B delay
Number of microseconds for how long to delay after sending the last bit
of this transfer before optionally deselecting the chip until the next
one.
Defaults to zero.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B cs_change
Set to 1 to deactivate Chip Select for the SPI device before starting
the next transfer, or 0 to keep Chip Select always active.
Defaults to zero.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B mode
Used to describe the Clock Polarity and Clock Phase for the SPI
transmission.
May be set to "0" or "SPI_CPHA" or "SPI_CPOL" or "SPI_CPHA | SPI_CPOL".
Should be set (and defaults) to SPI_CPHA.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B speed
Maximum SPI clock speed, in Hz.
Should be set higher than 700 Hz and lower than 17.8 MHz.
Defaults to 1 MHz.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B dry_run
If set to "true" then instead of sending a SPI_IOC_MESSAGE ioctl to the
SPI character device, commands such as "\f[B]sja1105\-tool config
upload\f[]" just print the SPI messages as a hexdump to stdout.
No communication is performed over SPI.
.RS
.RE
.SS THE GENERAL SECTION
.PP
This section begins when a line contains the string "[general\-setup]"
and ends at the beginning of a different section or at the end of file.
The following keys are allowed in this section:
.TP
.B debug
If set to "true", debugging output is produced for bit\-level access to
the switch configuration tables.
Recommended "false".
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B verbose
If set to "false", nothing is printed to stdout, only error messages are
printed to stderr.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B screen\-width
Used for the following commands:
.RS
.RE
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[B]sja1105\-tool config show\f[]
.IP \[bu] 2
\f[B]sja1105\-tool status ports\f[]
.RS 2
.PP
The idea is to make better use of screen space by fitting more entries
on separate vertical columns.
The total width of the vertical columns does not exceed the
"screen\-width" value.
Set "screen\-width" to a value greater or equal to 80, and less than the
output of \f[C]tput\ cols\f[].
.RE
.TP
.B entries\-per\-line
See "screen\-width" above.
Additionally, no more than "entries\-per\-line" vertical columns are
allowed to be concatenated.
The result is that each line will contain the minimum of
"entries\-per\-line" and how many columns physically fit in
"screen\-width" characters.
.RS
.RE
.SH EXAMPLE
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
[spi\-setup]
\ \ \ \ staging\-area\ =\ FILE
\ \ \ \ device\ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ FILE
\ \ \ \ bits\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ 8
\ \ \ \ speed\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ 1000000
\ \ \ \ delay\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ 0
\ \ \ \ cs_change\ \ \ \ =\ 0
\ \ \ \ mode\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ SPI_CPHA
\ \ \ \ dry_run\ \ \ \ \ \ =\ false

[general]
\ \ \ \ screen\-width\ \ \ \ \ =\ 200
\ \ \ \ entries\-per\-line\ =\ 10
\ \ \ \ verbose\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ =\ false
\f[]
.fi
.SH BUGS
.PP
\f[B]sja1105\-tool status ports\f[] currently ignores the values
"entries\-per\-line" and "screen\-width".
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
sja1105\-tool was written by Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
sja1105\-tool(1)
.SH COMMENTS
.PP
This man page was written using pandoc (http://pandoc.org/) by the same
author.
