.TH "sja1105\-kmod" "1" "" "" "SJA1105\-TOOL"
.SH NAME
.PP
\f[I]sja1105.ko\f[] \- Kernel driver module for NXP SJA1105
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\f[I]sja1105.ko\f[] is the kernel driver module (kmod) for the SJA1105
switch chip.
It loads the static switch configuration from user space and uploads it
to the chip, monitors the link status of the port\[aq]s PHYs to
reconfigure the port\[aq]s MAC speed and provides a user space interface
to control the operation of the switch.
.SS STATIC CONFIGURATION
.PP
On driver probe, the kmod loads the static configuration from user space
(default location "\f[I]/lib/firmware/sja1105.bin\f[]") and uploads it
to the chip.
.SS RESET PIN HANDLING
.PP
If defined in device tree, the kmod controls the reset lines of the
switch and PHY chips.
On driver probe, it releses the switch from reset, uploads the static
configuration, then releases the PHYs from reset.
.SS NETWORK DEVICE INTERFACES
.PP
The kmod creates a network interface for each port of the switch to
configure and monitor the PHY connected to this port.
On a link up event, the link speed of the port\[aq]s MAC is adjusted to
match with the PHY\[aq]s speed.
.SS SYSFS USER SPACE INTERFACE
.PP
The kmod exports some sysfs attributes to control and monitor the
switch.
.TP
.B config_upload
Write \[aq]1\[aq] to the file to reload the static configuration from
user space and upload it to the switch chip.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B device_id
Read the device id of the switch chip.
Reading the file returns the device id, part number and the chip\[aq]s
name.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B general_status
Read general status information from the switch.
Reading the file returns the status information in text format.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B port_mapping
Get the mapping between the network interface name and port number for
all ports.
Reading the file returns a "\f[I]netif_name\f[] \f[I]port_number\f[]"
pair for each port.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B port_status
Read status information for a specific port from the switch.
To select a port, write either the network interface name which is
assigned to the port or the port number to the file prior to reading.
Consecutive reads always return the status of the same port.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B port_status_clear
Clear the status counters for a specific port.
To clear the counters of a port, write either the network interface name
which is assigned to the port or the port number to the file.
Writing "\f[I]all\f[]" clears the counters of all ports.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B reg_access
Read or write a register of the switch chip.
\f[B]Register write:\f[] Write the register address and value, separated
by a space character to the file.
\f[B]Register read:\f[] Write the register address to the file prior to
reading.
When reading the file, the register value is read from the switch and
returned in the format "\f[I]reg_address\f[] \f[I]value\f[]".
Consecutive reads always return the same registers value.
.RS
.RE
.SH DEVICE\-TREE
.SS BINDINGS
.TP
.B reset\-gpio
GPIO connected to the reset input of the switch chip.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B phy\-reset\-gpio
GPIO connected to the reset input of a PHY chip.
Can be specified for each port.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B phy\-reset\-duration
Length of the reset pule in milliseconds.
.RS
.RE
.TP
.B phy\-reset\-delay
Time before the PHY is ready after reset in milliseconds.
.RS
.RE
.SS DEVICE\-TREE EXAMPLE
.IP
.nf
\f[C]
&dspi0\ {
\ \ \ \ sja1105\@1\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ compatible\ =\ "nxp,sja1105t";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <0x1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ spi\-max\-frequency\ =\ <4000000>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #address\-cells\ =\ <1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #size\-cells\ =\ <0>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ fsl,spi\-cs\-sck\-delay\ =\ <1000>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ fsl,spi\-sck\-cs\-delay\ =\ <1000>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #reset\-gpio\ =\ <&spigpio1_1\ 0\ 1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ port\@0\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ sja1105,port\-label\ =\ "seth5";\ /*\ ETH5\ written\ on\ chassis\ */
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-handle\ =\ <&rgmii_phy3>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-mode\ =\ "rgmii";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #phy\-reset\-gpio\ =\ <&spigpio1_1\ 1\ 1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #phy\-reset\-duration\ =\ <1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ #phy\-reset\-delay\ =\ <120>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <0>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ port\@1\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ sja1105,port\-label\ =\ "seth2";\ /*\ ETH2\ written\ on\ chassis\ */
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-handle\ =\ <&rgmii_phy4>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-mode\ =\ "rgmii";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <1>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ port\@2\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ sja1105,port\-label\ =\ "seth3";\ /*\ ETH3\ written\ on\ chassis\ */
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-handle\ =\ <&rgmii_phy5>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-mode\ =\ "rgmii";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <2>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ port\@3\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ sja1105,port\-label\ =\ "seth4";\ /*\ ETH4\ written\ on\ chassis\ */
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-handle\ =\ <&rgmii_phy6>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-mode\ =\ "rgmii";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <3>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ port\@4\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ sja1105,port\-label\ =\ "sethi";\ /*\ Internal\ port\ connected\ to\ eth2\ */
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ phy\-mode\ =\ "rgmii";
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ reg\ =\ <4>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ fixed\-link\ {
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ speed\ =\ <1000>;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ full\-duplex;
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ };
\ \ \ \ };
};
\f[]
.fi
.SH BUGS
.SH AUTHOR
.PP
sja1105\-tool was written by Vladimir Oltean <vladimir.oltean@nxp.com>
.SH SEE ALSO
.SH COMMENTS
.PP
This man page was written using pandoc (http://pandoc.org/) by the same
author.
